Welcome to Walls.io
subtitles
Whether you're a marketing a campaign, brand or cause –
communicating your ideas works best when your message
subtitles
is amplified by your community!
Hashtag campaigns spread your ideas on social media -
subtitles
by capitalizing on the power of word-of-mouth!
Choose a unique hashtag for your campaign or brand,
subtitles
and use Walls.io to collect user-generated content like posts,
photos or videos from more than 15 social media platforms.
subtitles
Use our powerful moderation tools to filter spam
and get rid of inappropriate content!
subtitles
Finally, add our widget to your website and landing page -
no code required!
subtitles
Make your ideas grow on social media!
Start your Free Trial today!